A US $20 dollar donation would be much appreciated.  It will help me pay for my internet and web space.  See the About box for details.
You can use the blunder detection features in On Station to find problems in your surveys.
You double click on a station name to find out additional information about it.
You can use standard search syntax to look through survey comments and survey summary data.  Look in the Query menu for more information.
You can color surveys by the depth below surface.
Hold down the shift key while dragging the mouse left or right to zoom in and out.
You can overlay a surface on your system by double clicking on the surface folder in the view on the right.
You can add bookmarks to save common views.
A US $20 dollar donation would be much appreciated.  It will help me pay for my internet and Web space.  See the About box for details.
You color a leg or folder by selecting it and selecting a color from the color dialog box.
You can use the up/down/left/right information to turn the line plot into solid passages.  Select Drawing Options in the Draw Menu.
The On Station help file has numerous screen snapshots.  It is worth taking a minute to see if there are any features you haven't found yet.
The Source Code for On Station is available.  Email taco@theos.com to find out more.
You can turn off sections of your survey by selecting the disable option in the color box.  Disabling excludes the survey from all calculations.
A US $20 dollar donation would be much appreciated.  It will help me pay for my internet and Web space.  See the About box for details.
You can save a survey as a VRML file so that you can put it on a web page.
Printing does not support solid passages.  Any OpenGL or DirectX experts out there are free to give me advice on this one!
Try naming your surveys by starting with the year.  This makes it a lot easier to keep unique names.
You can tie in entrance to GPS locations or Topo locations by adding a fixed point at those locations.
A US $20 dollar donation would be much appreciated.  It will help me pay for my internet and Web space.  See the About box for details.
On Station works best with lots of memory.  A minimum of 16mb is recommended, but 32 is better.
You can close loops to get rid of survey errors.  This takes a while on slower systems or with large caves.
You can right click anywhere to get a context sensitive menu.
You can convert files from other programs using the seperate Rosetta Stal file conversion utility.
WinKarst, Walls, Survex, On Station, and Compass all plan to use a common file format to make it easier for you to switch programs without losing your data.



